FHIR-36977 (#534)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-10-1-ContentSharingFHIRcastMessaging.md

### Content Creation and Reopen Scenario

> {% include infonote.html text='Implementer feedback on the generation and general handling of a resource's `id` is appreciated. Particularly, the ability of Subscribers who participated in a content sharing session to join a restart of a content sharing session including the state of content at the time of the prior close of the session' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include infonote.html text='Implementer feedback on the generation and general handling of a resource's identifiers, including its logical `id` is requested. Should the logical id of a FHIR resource created during a content sharing session persist when the resource is persisted? How should id conflicts be resolved? Additionally, the ability of Subscribers who participated in a content sharing session to join a restart of a content sharing session including the state of content at the time of the prior close of the session' %}
```
